hillary, hillary clinton
trump, donald trump
US, united states
anonhq.com                        	,	anonhq
fellowshipoftheminds.com          	,	fellowshipoftheminds
abovetopsecret.com                	,	abovetopsecret
humansarefree.com                 	,	humansarefree
disclose.tv                       	,	disclose
presstv.ir                        	,	presstv
waterfordwhispersnews.com         	,	waterfordwhispersnews
trueactivist.com                  	,	trueactivist
truthfeed.com                     	,	truthfeed
wnd.com                           	,	wnd
occupydemocrats.com               	,	occupydemocrats
blacklistednews.com               	,	blacklistednews
unz.com                           	,	unz
dailystormer.com                  	,	dailystormer
investmentwatchblog.com           	,	investmentwatchblog
amren.com                         	,	amren
ihavethetruth.com                 	,	ihavethetruth
voltairenet.org                   	,	voltairenet
rt.com                            	,	rt
rinf.com                          	,	rinf
barenakedislam.com                	,	barenakedislam
thedailysheeple.com               	,	thedailysheeple
ijr.com                           	,	ijr
thepoke.co.uk                     	,	thepoke
freedomoutpost.com                	,	freedomoutpost
davidstockmanscontracorner.com    	,	davidstockmanscontracorner
govtslaves.info                   	,	govtslaves
veteransnewsnow.com               	,	veteransnewsnow
elmundotoday.com                  	,	elmundotoday
twitchy.com                       	,	twitchy
thesleuthjournal.com              	,	thesleuthjournal
eutimes.net                       	,	eutimes
prisonplanet.com                  	,	prisonplanet
infowars.com                      	,	infowars
amtvmedia.com                     	,	amtvmedia
madworldnews.com                  	,	madworldnews
greanvillepost.com                	,	greanvillepost
worldtruth.tv                     	,	worldtruth
libertyunyielding.com             	,	libertyunyielding
fromthetrenchesworldreport.com    	,	fromthetrenchesworldreport
mintpressnews.com                 	,	mintpressnews
shiftfrequency.com                	,	shiftfrequency
collective-evolution.com          	,	collective-evolution
politicususa.com                  	,	politicususa
breitbart.com                     	,	breitbart
guardianlv.com                    	,	guardianlv
activistpost.com                  	,	activistpost
topinfopost.com                   	,	topinfopost
zerohedge.com                     	,	zerohedge
silverdoctors.com                 	,	silverdoctors
thefreethoughtproject.com         	,	thefreethoughtproject
veteranstoday.com                 	,	veteranstoday
liberalamerica.org                	,	liberalamerica
thetruthseeker.co.uk              	,	thetruthseeker
lewrockwell.com                   	,	lewrockwell
thenewamerican.com                	,	thenewamerican
naturalnews.com                   	,	naturalnews
rbth.com                          	,	rbth
thefederalistpapers.org           	,	thefederalistpapers
frontpagemag.com                  	,	frontpagemag
sott.net                          	,	sott
ifyouonlynews.com                 	,	ifyouonlynews
counterpunch.org                  	,	counterpunch
thedailymash.co.uk                	,	thedailymash
naturalblaze.com                  	,	naturalblaze
thecommonsenseshow.com            	,	thecommonsenseshow
pravda.ru                         	,	pravda
clickhole.com                     	,	clickhole
antiwar.com                       	,	antiwar
jewsnews.co.il                    	,	jewsnews
russia-insider.com                	,	russia-insider
godlikeproductions.com            	,	godlikeproductions
westernjournalism.com             	,	westernjournalism
ahtribune.com                     	,	ahtribune
theonion.com                      	,	theonion
trunews.com                       	,	trunews
returnofkings.com                 	,	returnofkings
shtfplan.com                      	,	shtfplan
yournewswire.com                  	,	yournewswire
beforeitsnews.com                 	,	beforeitsnews
washingtonsblog.com               	,	washingtonsblog
dcclothesline.com                 	,	dcclothesline
truth-out.org                     	,	truth-out
awdnews.com                       	,	awdnews
conservativetribune.com           	,	conservativetribune
theeventchronicle.com             	,	theeventchronicle
nakedcapitalism.com               	,	nakedcapitalism
sputniknews.com                   	,	sputniknews
thespoof.com                      	,	thespoof
journal-neo.org                   	,	journal-neo
informationclearinghouse.info    	,	informationclearinghouse
opednews.com                      	,	opednews
galacticconnection.com            	,	galacticconnection
truthdig.com                      	,	truthdig
wearechange.org                    	,	wearechange
newsbiscuit.com                   	,	newsbiscuit
abeldanger.net                  	,	abeldanger
fort-russ.com                     	,	fort-russ
thesaker.is                      	,	thesaker
endtime.com                        	,	endtime
blackagendareport.com             	,	blackagendareport
pakalertpress.com                 	,	pakalertpress
dailywire.com                     	,	dailywire
der-postillon.com                  	,	der-postillon
consortiumnews.com                	,	consortiumnews
kingworldnews.com                  	,	kingworldnews
themindunleashed.com              	,	themindunleashed
intellihub.com                     	,	intellihub
newsthump.com                      	,	newsthump
realfarmacy.com                    	,	realfarmacy
whydontyoutrythis.com              	,	whydontyoutrythis
filmsforaction.org                 	,	filmsforaction
therussophile.org                  	,	therussophile
ronpaulinstitute.org               	,	ronpaulinstitute
intrepidreport.com                 	,	intrepidreport
theunrealtimes.com                 	,	theunrealtimes
thecontroversialfiles.net          	,	thecontroversialfiles
shadowproof.com                    	,	shadowproof
paulcraigroberts.org               	,	paulcraigroberts
davidduke.com                      	,	davidduke
wakingtimes.com                    	,	wakingtimes
healthimpactnews.com               	,	healthimpactnews
libertynews.com                    	,	libertynews
theeconomiccollapseblog.com        	,	theeconomiccollapseblog
gulagbound.com                     	,	gulagbound
endingthefed.com                   	,	endingthefed
darkmoon.me                        	,	darkmoon
truthbroadcastnetwork.com        	,	truthbroadcastnetwork
corbettreport.com                  	,	corbettreport
thedailybell.com                   	,	thedailybell
fognews.ru                         	,	fognews
100percentfedup.com                	,	100percentfedup
dailysquib.co.uk                   	,	dailysquib
survivopedia.com                   	,	survivopedia
endoftheamericandream.com         	,	endoftheamericandream
investmentresearchdynamics.com    	,	investmentresearchdynamics
readynutrition.com                	,	readynutrition
moonofalabama.org                 	,	moonofalabama
thepeoplescube.com                	,	thepeoplescube
vdare.com                       	,	vdare
21stcenturywire.com             	,	21stcenturywire
libertyblitzkrieg.com           	,	libertyblitzkrieg
usuncut.com                       	,	usuncut
foreignpolicyjournal.com          	,	foreignpolicyjournal
thedailywtf.com                   	,	thedailywtf
presstv.com                       	,	presstv
addictinginfo.org                 	,	addictinginfo
undergroundhealth.com             	,	undergroundhealth
russia-direct.org                 	,	russia-direct
geoengineeringwatch.org           	,	geoengineeringwatch
katehon.com                       	,	katehon
redflagnews.com                   	,	redflagnews
dennismichaellynch.com            	,	dennismichaellynch
libertywritersnews.com           	,	libertywritersnews
conservativedailypost.com         	,	conservativedailypost
patriotrising.com               	,	patriotrising
whatreallyhappened.com          	,	whatreallyhappened
theduran.com                    	,	theduran
departed.co                     	,	departed
sgtreport.com                   	,	sgtreport
adobochronicles.com             	,	adobochronicles
newcenturytimes.com             	,	newcenturytimes
nutritionfacts.org               	,	nutritionfacts
pravdareport.com                 	,	pravdareport
coasttocoastam.com                	,	coasttocoastam
orientalreview.org                	,	orientalreview
morningnewsusa.com                	,	morningnewsusa
donaldtrumpnews.co                	,	donaldtrumpnews
bipartisanreport.com                	,	bipartisanreport
strategic-culture.org              	,	strategic-culture
usapoliticsnow.com                  	,	usapoliticsnow
americanlookout.com                 	,	americanlookout
theantimedia.org                    	,	theantimedia
wikileaks.org                       	,	wikileaks
gomerblog.com                       	,	gomerblog
spinzon.com                         	,	spinzon
hangthebankers.com                  	,	hangthebankers
southfront.org                      	,	southfront
off-guardian.org                    	,	off-guardian
usanewsflash.com                    	,	usanewsflash
magafeed.com                        	,	magafeed
newstarget.com                      	,	newstarget
chronicle.su                        	,	chronicle
theearthchild.co.za               	,	theearthchild
regated.com                       	,	regated
thelastlineofdefense.org          	,	thelastlineofdefense
usatwentyfour.com                 	,	usatwentyfour
indiaarising.com                  	,	indiaarising
toprightnews.com                  	,	toprightnews
countercurrents.org               	,	countercurrents
anonews.co                        	,	anonews
other98.com                       	,	other98
viralliberty.com                  	,	viralliberty
americasfreedomfighters.com       	,	americasfreedomfighters
usanewsinsider.com                	,	usanewsinsider
betootaadvocate.com               	,	betootaadvocate
drudgereport.com                  	,	drudgereport
usasupreme.com                    	,	usasupreme
satirewire.com                    	,	satirewire
presidentialvoting2016.com         	,	presidentialvoting2016
reductress.com                     	,	reductress
usviewer.com                       	,	usviewer
davidwolfe.com                     	,	davidwolfe
rense.com                          	,	rense
vigilantcitizen.com                	,	vigilantcitizen
abcnews.com.co                     	,	abcnews
winningdemocrats.com               	,	winningdemocrats
wundergroundmusic.com              	,	wundergroundmusic
consciouslifenews.com              	,	consciouslifenews
therundownlive.com                 	,	therundownlive
in5d.com                           	,	in5d
ewao.com                           	,	ewao
americannews.com                   	,	americannews
truthkings.com                     	,	truthkings
truthfrequencyradio.com            	,	truthfrequencyradio
rumormillnews.com                  	,	rumormillnews
mediamass.net                      	,	mediamass
proudemocrat.com                   	,	proudemocrat
eyeopening.info                    	,	eyeopening
henrymakow.com                     	,	henrymakow
projectveritas.com                 	,	projectveritas
redstatewatcher.com                	,	redstatewatcher
ncscooper.com                      	,	ncscooper
bignuggetnews.com                  	,	bignuggetnews
topratedviral.com                  	,	topratedviral
truthandaction.org                 	,	truthandaction
globalresearch.ca                  	,	globalresearch
secretsofthefed.com                	,	secretsofthefed
therebel.media                     	,	therebel
vonpress.com                       	,	vonpress
christiantimesnewspaper.com        	,	christiantimesnewspaper
allnewspipeline.com                	,	allnewspipeline
bigbluevision.org                  	,	bigbluevision
defenddemocracy.press              	,	defenddemocracy
educateinspirechange.org           	,	educateinspirechange
worldnewspolitics.com              	,	worldnewspolitics
empireherald.com                   	,	empireherald
the-newspapers.com                 	,	the-newspapers
ufoholic.com                       	,	ufoholic
miniplanet.us  	,	miniplanet

